Update the Recorder blog post (#5714)
GoogleChrome/developer.chrome.com: site/en/blog/extend-recorder/index.md

```

## Replay user flows with extensions {: #replay-extensions }

> Starting from Chrome 112, you can now enhance your experience by utilizing extensions to replay recordings. These extensions enable you to seamlessly integrate third-party services and infrastructure for replaying recordings without ever leaving DevTools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting from Chrome 112, you can now enhance your experience by using extensions to replay recordings. These extensions let you seamlessly integrate third-party services and infrastructure for replaying recordings without ever leaving DevTools.
```
